Updated the documentation for Go SDK (#712)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/go/overview.mdx

# Go

Clerk's [Go SDK](https://github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go) is a wrapper over the [Clerk Backend API](https://clerk.com/docs/reference/backend-api).

## Installation

> If you are using Go Modules and have a `go.mod` file in your project's root, you can import clerk-sdk-go directly.

Author: Sure, updated!

```go
import (
    "github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go/v2"
)
```

Alternatively, you can `go get` the package explicitly.

```sh filename="terminal"
go get -u github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go/v2
```

## Usage

For details on how to use this module, see the [Go Documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go/v2).

The library has a resource-based structure which follows the way the [Clerk Backend API](https://clerk.com/docs/reference/backend-api) resources are organized.
Each API supports specific operations, like Create or List. While operations for each resource vary, a similar pattern is applied throughout the library.

In order to start using API operations the library needs to be configured with your Clerk API secret key. Depending on your use case,
there's two ways to use the library; with or without a client.

> For most use cases, the API without a client is a better choice.

Reviewer: Why?

Author: Added an explanation. Let me know if it makes sense, or we should provide more details. I guess only the example can showcase the differences.

> On the other hand, if you need to set up multiple Clerk API keys, using clients for API operations provides more flexibility.

Reviewer: Why would one need to setup multiple API keys?

Author: I don't have a specific use-case in mind. Perhaps I can change the sentence to "if you need more control and flexibility over the library's configuration"?

Would that make more sense?

Reviewer: Maybe change the sentence to explain that you can instanciate multiple clients in order to handle use cases like wanting to change multiple sites (requiring multiple API keys)?

Author: Updated. Thanks for the suggestion!

# Go

Clerk's [Go SDK](https://github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go) is a wrapper over the [Clerk Backend API](https://clerk.com/docs/reference/backend-api).

## Installation

> If you are using Go Modules and have a `go.mod` file in your project's root, you can import `clerk-sdk-go` directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using Go Modules and have a `go.mod` file in your project's root, you can import `clerk-sdk-go` directly.
```

Author: Done.

> ```go

Reviewer 2: Should this have the `go.mod` file path?

Author: No, this import can (and will) be defined in every file you need to access the `clerk` package.

import (
    "github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go/v2"
)
```

> Alternatively, you can `go get` the package explicitly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can `go get` the package explicitly:
```

```sh filename="terminal"
go get -u github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go/v2
```

## Usage

For details on how to use this module, see the [Go Documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go/v2).

> The library has a resource-based structure which follows the way the [Clerk Backend API](https://clerk.com/docs/reference/backend-api) resources are organized.

Author: Updated.

Each API supports specific operations, like Create or List. While operations for each resource vary, a similar pattern is applied throughout the library.

> In order to start using API operations the library needs to be configured with your Clerk API secret key. Depending on your use case,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To execute API operations, you must configure the library with your Clerk API secret key. Depending on your use case,
```

Author: Updated.

> there's two ways to use the library; with or without a client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
there are two ways to use the library: With or without a client.
```

> For most use cases, the API without a client is a better choice. It requires a minimal setup and supports a smaller API footprint.

Reviewer 2: What does "smaller API footprint" mean in this context?

Author: Reworded this a bit.

> However, if for some reason you need to operate on multiple Clerk instances from one application, or need more flexibility for tests and mocking,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, if you need to operate on multiple Clerk instances from one application, or need more flexibility for tests and mocking,
```

Author: Deleted.

you can instantiate multiple API clients with different API keys.

> Let's see both approaches in detail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following examples demonstrate both approaches.
```

Author: Updated.

### Usage without a client

> If you only use one API key, you can import the packages required for the APIs you need to interact with and call functions for API operations.

Reviewer 2: I don't think I understand what this sentence means. @gkats If we reworded it this way, would it still be accurate?

> If you only use one API key, you can import the packages required for the APIs you need. Then you can execute your desired request methods as functions, such as `$resource$.Get()` or `$resource$.Delete()`. The following example demonstrates this process:

Author: Yes! Updated.

```go
import (
    "github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go/v2"
    "github.com/clerk/clerk-sdk-go/v2/$resource$"
)

// Each operation requires a context.Context as the first argument.
ctx := context.Background()

// Set the API key
clerk.SetKey("sk_live_XXX")

// Create
resource, err := $resource$.Create(ctx, &$resource$.CreateParams{})

// Get
resource, err := $resource$.Get(ctx, id)

// Update
resource, err := $resource$.Update(ctx, id, &$resource$.UpdateParams{})

// Delete
resource, err := $resource$.Delete(ctx, id)

// List
list, err := $resource$.List(ctx, &$resource$.ListParams{})
for _, resource := range list.$Resource$s {
    // do something with the resource
}
```

### Usage with a client

> If you're dealing with multiple keys, it is recommended to use a client based approach. The API packages for each

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're working with multiple keys, you should use the library with a client. The API packages for each
```

Author: Updated.

> resource export a Client, which supports all the API's operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
resource export a `Client`, which supports all the API's operations.
```

Author: Done.

> This way you can create as many clients as needed, each with their own API key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This way you can create as many clients as needed, each with their own API key, as shown in the following example:
```

Author: Updated.
